Remove`learn/configuration/settings.md` (#2044)
meilisearch/documentation: learn/configuration/instance_options.md

You can configure Meilisearch at launch with **command-line options**, **environment variables**, or a **configuration file**.

> These startup options affect your entire Meilisearch instance, not just a single index. For settings that affect search within a single index, see [index settings](/reference/api/settings.md).

Reviewer: I think it makes more sense to link to the overview table here, since they are in the same site section (configuration).

> These startup options affect your entire Meilisearch instance, not just a single index. For settings that affect search within a single index, see [index settings](/reference/api/settings.md).

Author: ```suggestion
These startup options affect your entire Meilisearch instance, not just a single index. For settings that affect search within a single index, see [index settings](/learn/configuration/settings.md).
```
